Extend comment-based testing framework with quick fix support (#3407)
SonarSource/SonarJS: docs/DEV.md

```javascript
some.clean.code();
some.faulty.code(); // Noncompliant N [[qf1,qf2,...]] {{Optional message to assert}}
//   ^^^^^^
// fix@qf1 {{Optional suggestion description}}
// edit@qf1 [[sc=1;ec=5]] {{text to replace line from [sc] column to [ec] column}}
```

> The issue primary location (`// ^^^^`), issue message, issue number (`N`) and quickfixes are optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue primary location (`// ^^^^`), issue message, issue number (`N`) and quick fixes are optional.
```

> `N` is an integer defining the amount of issues will be reported in the line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`N` is an integer defining the number of issues that will be reported in the line.
```

Only one of the methods (`{{messageN}}+` OR `N`) to define the expected issues can be used in a `Noncompliant` line.

> If no `N` nor messages are provided, the engine will expect one issue to be raised. Meaning, `//Noncompliant` is equivalent to `//Noncompliant 1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If neither `N` nor messages are provided, the engine will expect one issue to be raised. Meaning, `//Noncompliant` is equivalent to `//Noncompliant 1`.
```

> The `fix@` comment of a quickfix providing the suggestion description is optional. On the `edit@` comment the start column and end column are also optional, meaning this syntax can be used too:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `fix@` comment of a quick fix providing the suggestion description is optional. On the `edit@` comment, the start column and end column are also optional, meaning this syntax can be used too:
```

`// edit@qf1 {{text to replace the whole line -do not include //Noncompliant comment- }}`

Alternatively, one can conveniently use only `sc` or `ec`.

> Please note the length of the list of quickfixes cannot surpass the amount of issues declared by `N` or the number of expected messages unless their matching issue is reassigned (see below). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the length of the list of quick fixes cannot surpass the number of issues declared by `N` or the number of expected messages unless their matching issue is reassigned (see below). 
```

Quickfixes IDs can be any `string`, they don't have to follow the `qfN` convention. The order of the list is important, as they will be assigned to the message in the matching position. If one provides 3 messages and 2 quickfixes which are not to be matched against first and second message, there are two options:

> * A *dummy* quickfix can be used as placeholder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A *dummy* quick fix can be used as placeholder:
```

```javascript
some.faulty.code(); // Noncompliant [[qf1,qf2,qf3]] {{message1}} {{message2}} {{message3}}
// edit@qf1 {{fix for message1}}
// edit@qf3 {{fix for message3}}

> // qf2 is declared but never used --> ignored by the engine

Reviewer: I think enforcing a convention for a quick fix identifier at some point would be nice. If the digit after `qf` is mandatory, we can identify to which issue it refers and avoid declaring a quick fix that is ignored. Maybe worth creating a ticket to improve that. WDYT?

Author: problem is that right now quick fix ids have to be unique file-wise. So a test cannot have multiple qf1 declared, if you want to have always the 1 pointing to the first issue of each issueLine.

```

> * Explicitly set the index (0-based) of the message to which the quickfix refers to with the grammar `=index` next to the quickfix ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Explicitly set the index (0-based) of the message to which the quick fix refers to with the syntax `=index` next to the quick fix ID:
```
